Hear what is up guys and welcome back.
So the first step for the SSL here and this is that we need to upload a file to our NZL dot com slash
SSL lot h mail or any file that you want to add.
So for that you have to go to home and then you have to just launch to see battle to make some edits.
OK.
And then I'll show you how to work that more.
You can directly just come here and you can also type iTunes dot com slash see battle.
OK.
And you will be redirected to see Baltz self.
Let's just go ahead and let's just launch to see battle for iTunes deal.
OK.
And now I basically have to upload the file for my I can deal dot com so I have to see the document
Crood for it.
So make sure that you know your document Trude.
Let me show you what the document through Does what happened to this.
Let me just refresh this because it seems to be not working at all.
OK.
I have to enter this or log in.
I don't know why I always forget my password.
So I'm sorry you guys for that.
Yes that's that's dumb.
OK.
So you can see that I am logged into my seat battle.
And they I I'm in the sea battle and now I have to find a document Trude for basically it unsealed or
cop for that.
I just have to go to the add on domains.
OK.
And then here it will give me the root of my domain so no wait I have to go to the files basically.
And in the files I have to go to File Manager which is this.
And it's going to redirect me to file manager and here should be my domain name.
So w w w dot basically refers to default domain.
With downness I've NZL that is associated with my domain name.
OK so if you have an add on domain that you have added then it should be in the domain for the root
of that.
I hope that you are following what I'm saying.
OK.
So in the add on domains you should be seeing this complete double chorus dot com and if I just add
anything here that will be added to the route if I just want to add in the subdomains I can added in
the subdomains.
But since I want to add in my main domain OK if I just go to this one right here that is w w w dot to
that as my main domain that is either NZL.
Now what is the main domain the main domain should be coming here.
That is the number one.
OK.
So Or if you go to the portal there should be the main domain.
So I just have to add a file here.
OK that can be like an email file.
I just have to just click file and then I have to add in here.
Hello dot.
OK that's all.
I just have to create new file and the file should be created.
So this is right here.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit h t m l at it.
That's all you have to do have to just click here again and then you have to enter something here.
So you can enter here like a hello world or anything.
I'm going to be clicking Hello World.
That's all I have to do.
I have to just save it and the file is saved.
So I have to now go to iTunes yeld or com slash.
Hello dot h d l the top and it's going to view the file so you can see this hello world is appearing.
This means that the file is coming perfectly.
So now we have to add the CBS coolants last line to check if the HD DBMSs is delivered to me or not.
You can see that I am getting an error.
This means that HTB a certificate is not given to me.
Ok this not issued to me so I have to wait for 24 hours.
OK.
And then when this will turn to green then I will apply the SSL certificate.
So you have to wait for 24 hours so that your SSL is given to you.
And when this is turned to green and everything is done then I'll show you how can you change your whole
site into the SSL horrific 8 stadium guys.
And in the upcoming video I'll show you how to work with it.
Goodbye.